# SNHU-CS210-Project-3
<ul>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">&nbsp;Summarize the project and what problem it was solving.</span> <br />- <em>The project was to create a program with 4 menu options that produced lists based on the file it is read from.<br /><br /></em></li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">What did you do particularly well?</span><br /><em>- I created functions for each menu option, so it they are easy to understand and easily called, as well as simplified the variables being input as search functions for the file that is read.<br /><br /></em></li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Which pieces of the code did you find most challenging to write, and how did you overcome this?</span><br />-&nbsp;<em>The piece I struggled the most with was printing all of the items in the list. I had to set it up to read as two separate variables, one reading as a string and one reading as an integer.<br /><br /></em></li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">What skills from this project will be particularly transferable to other projects or course work?</span><br />- <em>Reading&nbsp;from a file and creating specific analyses of that data will be used in future projects and in the field, where accessing files and analyzing it's data is used frequently.</em><br /><br /></li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">How did you make this program maintainable, readable, and adaptable?</span><br />-&nbsp;<em>I always break up my code into chunks to make them easier to read, as well as plenty of inline comments to show how things are read. Using the switch statement makes it easy to add new menu options, and you can just as easily add functions based off the currently developed ones.</em></li>
</ul>
<p><br /> <br /> ======================================== Directions =======================================</p>
<p><br /> The program that the Corner Grocer is asking you to create should address the following functional requirements: <br /> <br /> <strong>Menu Option One:</strong> <br /> 1) Prompt a user to input the item, or word, they wish to look for. <br /> 2) Return a numeric value for the frequency of the specific word.<br /> <br /> <strong>Menu Option Two:</strong> <br /> 1) Print the list with numbers that represent the frequency of all items purchased.<br /> The screen output should include every item (represented by a word) paired with the number of times that item appears in the input file, CS210_Project_Three_Input_File.txt. For example, the file might read as follows: <br /> <br />&nbsp; &nbsp; Potatoes 4 <br />&nbsp; &nbsp; Pumpkins 5 <br />&nbsp; &nbsp; Onions 3 <br /> <br /> <strong>Menu Option Three:</strong> <br /> <br /> 1) Print the same frequency information for all the items in the form of a histogram. <br /> 2) Then print the name, followed by asterisks or another special character to represent the numeric amount. <br /> The number of asterisks should equal the frequency read from the CS210_Project_Three_Input_File.txt file. <br /> For example, if the file includes 4 potatoes, 5 pumpkins, and 3 onions, then your text-based histogram may appear as represented below. However, you can alter the appearance or color of the histogram in any way you choose: <br /> <br />&nbsp; &nbsp; Potatoes **** <br />&nbsp; &nbsp; Pumpkins ***** <br />&nbsp; &nbsp; Onions *** <br /> <br /> <strong>Menu Option Four:</strong> <br /> <br /> 1) Exit the program.</p>
